
Name: Kessler Yaron
Address: Israel, holon
Email: yaron.kessler41@gmail.com

Essence:
I am a father, husband, friend, developer.
Knowledge, interest and experience in developing Full Stack, inquisitive,
task-oriented and with a high level of self-learning - technological and organizational.
Programming style: OOP (Object-oriented programming), Design Patterns, MVC (Model-view-controller), MVW ...

Work Experience:

2019 (Current job) - Bank Hapoalim (banking/financial company)
As part of my job, I am doing a code analysis, refactor an exists code for future code technologies.
working with the following technologies: (java maven) java client (desktop) , java server (back end), rest, Web (front end), Angularjs, Angular 2.

2017-2019 - Brinks Company (banking/financial company)
As part of my job, I have developed a financial programs End To End style, using the following tools:
java client server,  java desktop, web full stack application.
web full stack (client side) - developing a Responsive web pages using html, css, bootstrap, javascript,  jquery, ajax.
web full stack (server side) - developing in Java maven spring-boots (Rest) and compiling code to "war" file.
the "war" file will be deployed in apache tomcat server.
java desktop - developing a Responsive desktop application with java maven, gui swt/swing/awt.
Databases: SQL (ms sql, mysql) and NoSQL (Apache CouchDB, Pouchdb).
Java Programmers Libraries: gson, jdbc, Logging, Apache POI API, ldap, swt, awt, swing, ...
Programming style - OOP (Object-oriented programming), Design Patterns, MVC (Model-view-controller), MVW …
web servers services: apache tomcat, ms iis
ubuntu server services: git server, file server.

2015-2017 - ISRACARD Company.
- Full Stack Programmer in the Information Systems Division, Isracard.
- As part of a project to rewrite all the "business" system and adapt it to the WEB world,
  I learned and developed the client and server side of the system.
- As part of the job -
  I developed the various UI components and screens on AngularJS.
  As part of the development, we have created a system that enables the generic construction of screens
  using configuration files Updated by the customer.
  Create Java Web Services in the REST API On the WebSphere server.


2004 - 2014 - ISRACARD Company.
- JAVA and ORACLE Programmer in the Information Systems Division, Isracard.

- As part of a project to rewrite all the "business" system and adapt it to the Java world
  I learned and developed the client and server side of the system.
  Development and maintenance of a client side and server side of the corporate "business" system -
  A system that constitutes one of the organization's main activity channels,
  And serves the field representatives (salespeople) in all activities required for the recruitment and retention of businesses and customers.

- As part of the job -
** Development and maintenance of all system screens and business logic behind them through JAVA GWT/SWT/JFace frameworks.
** Development and maintenance of dedicated UI components (Dynamic document view, identification scan screen ..)
** Development and support interfaces for enterprise and external services (financial calculators, digital signature ..)
** Development and maintenance of Web services on a Tomcat server running from the client layer Through SOAP-RPC.
** IBM Sync Product Management (DB2 Everyplace) -
   The product synchronizes data between the positions of the representatives and the database of the organization.
   Working with the product I managed the distribution of versions, data permissions, user management and so on.

- Oracle Development -
* Oracle Development and maintenance of the system screens and the business logic behind them through the Oracle Form-Builder.
* Oracle Development - Development of programs / queries (procedures / functions), users, permissions, and reports using PL SQL.
* Oracle Development - Development of reports using Oracle reports

- Microsoft servers administrator maintenance: active directory, DataBases, user.

2001 - 2004 - ISRACARD Company
System Administrator -  working on Servers, networks and communications, at Isracard

1997-2001 - IBM / IGS
* System Administrator and Developer under Unix/Linux operating system.
* System Administrator - user/s and server/s maintenance.
* Developer - programming for end user and for maintenance use.

1992-1995 - Military service
IBM MainFrame Computer operator,  programming and scripting , networks and communications for the end user.


education:

2015 - JavaScript course, Angular1.x course.
2007-2008 - Comprehensive course in JAVA and J2EE.
* As part of the studies, a multi-stage project was implemented that simulates the activity of a banking system through:
  Java SE, JDBC, SWING, Servlets, JSP, EJB3.0.
<2004-2005> - Comprehensive course at RHCE Linux (RHCE - Red Hat Certified Engineer)
2006-2017 - Training days in the following topics: Java 8, Java Android, SQL advanced, AngularJS 1, Angular 2.


[Workspaces, Development and Build Tools, Programming Languages, frameworks]:
Oracle Version 11g: Sql, Form-Builder, Report-Builder
Java: Java SE, AWT, SWING, GWT, SWT, JFace, SPRING BOOT
Other Languages: C, C#, C++, visual studio 5/6,            
SQL (Oracle, DB2). XML, XSD, JSON            
MQE, Tomcat, WebSphere            
WEB: HTML5, CSS3, "ASP", JavaScript, Angular 1.x, J2EE (Java Web Services), "JAX-RS", GSON, "Python"
Grunt, Bower, NPM, Yeoman, Gulp, GIT, ClearCase            
Eclipse, RAD, Visual Studio, VS Code, Brackets, Atom


[Languages]
Hebrew - mother tongue
English - high level
